refactor: new CLI commands documentation (#413)
NodeSecure/cli: docs/cli/config.md

# ⚙️ Command `config`

> The `config` command allows you to manage the configuration files used by NodeSecure. This command can be used to either create a new configuration file or edit an existing one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `config` command allows you to manage the `.nodesecurerc` configuration file, which is used by NodeSecure components to customize their behavior. You can use this command to create a new configuration file or edit the existing one.
```
